We thank the reviewer for the helpful suggestions and comments. Most of the
suggestions improved the quality of this paper and we were happy to use them.
Below is an itemized list of the reviewers comments. Note that we left out
replies to the comments concerning grammatical mistakes or minor changes. 

In addition to the reviewers comments, we made a number of other changes to
reflect an accurate description of the analysis taken. This includes the fact
that the fringe rate filter used was not optimal in the sense of Parsons et al.
(2015), but a modified version. As reflected in the paper, the use of this
degraded optimal fringe rate filter was necessary in order to empirically
estimate the covariance matrix used in the optimal quadratic estimator and to
curtail signal loss. Even though we use a degraded optimal fringe rate filter,
this filter is a substantial improvement on the boxcar fringe rate filter used
in Parsons et al. (2014). The change in the description of the filter used is
discussed (in bold) in section 3.5 and the comparison of filter weightings is
shown in Figure 9. 

Sincerely Zaki Ali, on behalf of the authors.


(1) We have updated the citations in the introduction to reflect recent
literature. 

(3) In Figure 1, we highlighted the baselines of interest by drawing lines in
between the antenna pairs and updated the text in section 2 to reflect these
changes.

(4) We have changed all the upper limit numbers to be of the form (22.4mJy)^2. 

(6) We have listed the number of baselines for each redundant group in section
2.

(8) We changed flux to flux density where we saw appropriate. 

(10) The titles in Figure 4 have been changed to be more precise. The left
subplot being "Before OMNICAL" and the right subplot being "After OMNICAL".

(18) We made the triangles for the other upper limits bigger as well as fixing
the caption. 

(26) We have acknowledged the SKA-low effort, and have drawn a parallel with
HERA. 


As for the rest of the comments, we have made the necessary changes to spelling,
grammar, and typos. In addition, we have updated references throughout the
manuscript.
